I was born free as Caesar, so were you;
    We both have fed as well, and we can both
    Endure the winter's cold as well as he.
Let us go,
    For it is after midnight, and ere day  
    We will awake him and be sure of him.
We shall find of him
    A shrewd contriver; and you know his means,
    If he improve them, may well stretch so far
    As to annoy us all, which to prevent,
    Let Antony and Caesar fall together.
We all stand up against the spirit of Caesar,
    And in the spirit of men there is no blood.
This shall make
    Our purpose necessary and not envious,
    Which so appearing to the common eyes,
    We shall be call'd purgers, not murderers.
We'll leave you, Brutus,
    And, friends, disperse yourselves, but all remember
    What you have said and show yourselves true Romans.
We are two lions litter'd in one day,  
    And I the elder and more terrible.
We'll send Mark Antony to the Senate House,
    And he shall say you are not well today.
We will be satisfied!
We'll bring him to his house with shouts and
    clamors.
Let him go up into the public chair;
    We'll hear him.
We are blest that Rome is rid of him.
We'll hear the will.
We will hear Caesar's will.
We will be revenged.
We'll hear him, we'll follow him, we'll die with
    him.
We'll mutiny.
We'll burn the house of Brutus.
We'll revenge his death.
We'll burn his body in the holy place
    And with the brands fire the traitors' houses.
We must die, Messala.
You must note beside
    That we have tried the utmost of our friends,
    Our legions are brim-full, our cause is ripe:
    The enemy increaseth every day;
    We, at the height, are ready to decline.
Then, with your will, go on;
    We'll along ourselves and meet them at Philippi.
'Tis three o'clock, and Romans, yet ere night
    We shall try fortune in a second fight.
We must not.
Our son of Cornwall,
     And you, our no less loving son of Albany,
     We have this hour a constant will to publish
     Our daughters' several dowers, that future strife
     May be prevented now.
Of all these bounds, even from this line to this,
     With shadowy forests and with champains rich'd,
     With plenteous rivers and wide-skirted meads,
     We make thee lady.
My Lord of Burgundy,
     We first address toward you, who with this king
     Hath rivall'd for our daughter.
We shall further think on't.
We must do something, and i' th' heat.
We have seen the best
     of our time.
You stubborn ancient knave, you reverent braggart,
     We'll teach you-
  Kent.
We'll set thee to school to an ant, to teach thee there's no
     labouring i' th' winter.
We are not ourselves
     When nature, being oppress'd, commands the mind
     To suffer with the body.
We'll no more meet, no more see one another.
If then they chanc'd to slack ye,
     We could control them.
We'll go to supper i' th' morning.
When we our betters see bearing our woes,
     We scarcely think our miseries our foes.
We are bound to the
     like.
We came crying hither;
     Thou know'st, the first time that we smell the air
     We wawl and cry.
In the heaviness of sleep
     We put fresh garments on him.
We will greet the time.
We are not the first
     Who with best meaning have incurr'd the worst.
We two alone will sing like birds i' th' cage.
We'll see 'em starv'd first.
We do require them of you, so to use them
     As we shall find their merits and our safety
     May equally determine.
At this time
     We sweat and bleed: the friend hath lost his friend;
     And the best quarrels, in the heat, are curs'd
     By those that feel their sharpness.
We must of force dispense with this decree;
    She must lie here on mere necessity.
If then the King your father will restore
    But that one half which is unsatisfied,
    We will give up our right in Aquitaine,
    And hold fair friendship with his Majesty.
We arrest your word.
We will talk no more of this matter.
And, out of question, so it is sometimes:
    Glory grows guilty of detested crimes,
    When, for fame's sake, for praise, an outward part,
    We bend to that the working of the heart;  
    As I for praise alone now seek to spill
    The poor deer's blood that my heart means no ill.
We will read it, I swear.
We are much out o' th' way.
We cannot cross the cause why we were born,
    Therefore of all hands must we be forsworn.
In the afternoon
    We will with some strange pastime solace them,
    Such as the shortness of the time can shape;
    For revels, dances, masks, and merry hours,
    Forerun fair Love, strewing her way with flowers.
We attend.
We will have, if this fadge not, an antic.
We need more light to find your meaning out.
We are wise girls to mock our lovers so.
We number nothing that we spend for you;
    Our duty is so rich, so infinite,  
    That we may do it still without accompt.
Since you are strangers, and come here by chance,  
    We'll not be nice; take hands.
We will not dance.
We can afford no more at such a price.
We came to visit you, and purpose now
    To lead you to our court; vouchsafe it then.
Not so, my lord; it is not so, I swear;
    We have had pastimes here, and pleasant game;
    A mess of Russians left us but of late.
We four indeed confronted were with four
    In Russian habit; here they stayed an hour
    And talk'd apace; and in that hour, my lord,  
    They did not bless us with one happy word.
We were descried; they'll mock us now downright.
Now, to our perjury to add more terror,
    We are again forsworn in will and error.
We will turn it finely off, sir; we will take some care.
We are shame-proof, my lord, and 'tis some policy
    To have one show worse than the King's and his company.
We to ourselves prove false,
    By being once false for ever to be true
    To those that make us both- fair ladies, you;
    And even that falsehood, in itself a sin,
    Thus purifies itself and turns to grace.
We have receiv'd your letters, full of love;
    Your favours, the ambassadors of love;
    And, in our maiden council, rated them
    At courtship, pleasant jest, and courtesy,
    As bombast and as lining to the time;
    But more devout than this in our respects  
    Have we not been; and therefore met your loves
    In their own fashion, like a merriment.
We did not quote them so.
We are sent
    To give thee, from our royal master, thanks;
    Only to herald thee into his sight,
    Not pay thee.
Sons, kinsmen, thanes,
    And you whose places are the nearest, know
    We will establish our estate upon
    Our eldest, Malcolm, whom we name hereafter
    The Prince of Cumberland; which honor must
    Not unaccompanied invest him only,
    But signs of nobleness, like stars, shall shine
    On all deservers.
We will speak further.
For those of old,
    And the late dignities heap'd up to them,
    We rest your hermits.
We coursed him at the heels and had a purpose
    To be his purveyor; but he rides well,
    And his great love, sharp as his spur, hath holp him
    To his home before us.
Fair and noble hostess,
    We are your guest tonight.
We love him highly,
    And shall continue our graces towards him.
If the assassination
    Could trammel up the consequence, and catch,
    With his surcease, success; that but this blow
    Might be the be-all and the end-all -here,
    But here, upon this bank and shoal of time,
    We'ld jump the life to come.
But in these cases
    We still have judgement here, that we but teach
    Bloody instructions, which being taught return
    To plague the inventor.
We will proceed no further in this business:
    He hath honor'd me of late, and I have bought
    Golden opinions from all sorts of people,
    Which would be worn now in their newest gloss,
    Not cast aside so soon.
We fail?
I think not of them;
    Yet, when we can entreat an hour to serve,
    We would spend it in some words upon that business,
    If you would grant the time.
We should have else desired your good advice,
    Which still hath been both grave and prosperous
    In this day's council; but we'll take tomorrow.
We hear our bloody cousins are bestow'd  
    In England and in Ireland, not confessing
    Their cruel parricide, filling their hearers
    With strange invention.
We are men, my liege.
We shall, my lord,
    Perform what you command us.
We are resolved, my lord.
We have scotch'd the snake, not kill'd it.
We have lost
    Best half of our affair.
Our hostess keeps her state, but in best time
    We will require her welcome.
Tomorrow
    We'll hear ourselves again.
We are yet but young in deed.
We'll answer.
We have willing dames enough; there cannot be
    That vulture in you to devour so many
    As will to greatness dedicate themselves,
    Finding it so inclined.
Be't their comfort
    We are coming thither.
We doubt it nothing.
We learn no other but the confident tyrant
    Keeps still in Dunsinane and will endure
    Our setting down before't.
Were they not forced with those that should be ours,
    We might have met them dareful, beard to beard,
    And beat them backward home.
We have met with foes
    That strike beside us.
We'll have thee, as our rarer monsters are,
    Painted upon a pole, and underwrit,
    "Here may you see the tyrant.
We shall not spend a large expense of time
    Before we reckon with your several loves
    And make us even with you.
What's more to do,
    Which would be planted newly with the time,
    As calling home our exiled friends abroad
    That fled the snares of watchful tyranny,
    Producing forth the cruel ministers
    Of this dead butcher and his fiend-like queen,
    Who, as 'tis thought, by self and violent hands
    Took off her life; this, and what needful else
    That calls upon us, by the grace of Grace
    We will perform in measure, time, and place.
We have with a leaven'd and prepared choice
    Proceeded to you; therefore take your honours.
We shall write to you,
    As time and our concernings shall importune,
    How it goes with us, and do look to know
    What doth befall you here.
We have strict statutes and most biting laws,
    The needful bits and curbs to headstrong steeds,
    Which for this fourteen years we have let slip;
    Even like an o'ergrown lion in a cave,
    That goes not out to prey.
We must not make a scarecrow of the law,
    Setting it up to fear the birds of prey,
    And let it keep one shape till custom make it
    Their perch, and not their terror.
'Tis very pregnant,
    The jewel that we find, we stoop and take't,
    Because we see it; but what we do not see
    We tread upon, and never think of it.
Even for our kitchens
    We kill the fowl of season; shall we serve heaven
    With less respect than we do minister
    To our gross selves?
We cannot weigh our brother with ourself.
We are all frail.
We have very oft
    awak'd him, as if to carry him to execution, and show'd him a
    seeming warrant for it; it hath not moved him at all.
We shall proceed with Angelo.
We have made inquiry of you, and we hear
    Such goodness of your justice that our soul
    Cannot but yield you forth to public thanks,
    Forerunning more requital.
We did believe no less.
We shall entreat you to abide here till he come and
    enforce them against him.
We shall find this friar a notable
    fellow.
We'll touze you
    Joint by joint, but we will know his purpose.
We'll borrow place of him.
We do condemn thee to the very block
    Where Claudio stoop'd to death, and with like haste.
For his possessions,
    Although by confiscation they are ours,
    We do instate and widow you withal
    To buy you a better husband.
Thanks, Provost, for thy care and secrecy;
    We shall employ thee in a worthier place.
Fare ye well;
    We leave you now with better company.
We'll make our leisures to attend on yours.
My Lord Bassanio, since you have found Antonio,
    We two will leave you; but at dinner-time,
    I pray you, have in mind where we must meet.
We have not made good preparation.
We have not spoke us yet of torch-bearers.
We have been up and down to seek him.
We'll play with them: the first boy for a thousand
    ducats.
I know he will be glad of our success:  
    We are the Jasons, we have won the fleece.
We all expect a gentle answer, Jew.
-
    We trifle time; I pray thee pursue sentence.
Most worthy gentleman, I and my friend
    Have by your wisdom been this day acquitted
    Of grievous penalties; in lieu whereof
    Three thousand ducats, due unto the Jew,
    We freely cope your courteous pains withal.
We shall have old
      swearing
    That they did give the rings away to men;
    But we'll outface them, and outswear them too.
We have been praying for our husbands' welfare,
    Which speed, we hope, the better for our words.
We are no tell-tales, madam, fear you not.
We should hold day with the Antipodes,
    If you would walk in absence of the sun.
We three to hear it and end it between them.
We
    will thrive, lads, we will thrive.
We shall all be shent.
We
    must give folks leave to prate.
We had an hour's talk of that wart; I shall never
    laugh but in that maid's company!
We burn daylight.
We have sport in hand.
[Aside]  We will do it.
We are come to you to do a good office, Master
    Parson.
We have linger'd about a match between Anne
    Page and my cousin Slender, and this day we shall have
    our answer.
We will do it; let him be sent for to-morrow
    eight o'clock, to have amends.
We'll try that; for I'll appoint my men to carry
    the basket again, to meet him at the door with it as they
    did last time.
We'll leave a proof, by that which we will do,  
    Wives may be merry and yet honest too.
We do not act that often jest and laugh;
    'Tis old but true: Still swine eats all the draff.
We
    are simple men; we do not know what's brought to pass
    under the profession of fortune-telling.
We know nothing.
That likewise have we thought upon, and
    thus:
    Nan Page my daughter, and my little son,
    And three or four more of their growth, we'll dress
    Like urchins, ouphes, and fairies, green and white,
    With rounds of waxen tapers on their heads,
    And rattles in their hands; upon a sudden,
    As Falstaff, she, and I, are newly met,
    Let them from forth a sawpit rush at once
    With some diffused song; upon their sight  
    We two in great amazedness will fly.
The truth being known,
    We'll all present ourselves; dis-horn the spirit,
    And mock him home to Windsor.
We'll betray him finely.
We will meet; and there we may rehearse most obscenely and
    courageously.
And this same progeny of evils comes
    From our debate, from our dissension;
    We are their parents and original.
We shall chide downright if I longer stay.
We cannot fight for love as men may do;
    We should be woo'd, and were not made to woo.
Fair love, you faint with wand'ring in the wood;
    And, to speak troth, I have forgot our way;
    We'll rest us, Hermia, if you think it good,
    And tarry for the comfort of the day.
We are haunted.
We, Hermia, like two artificial gods,
    Have with our needles created both one flower,
    Both on one sampler, sitting on one cushion,
    Both warbling of one song, both in one key;
    As if our hands, our sides, voices, and minds,
    Had been incorporate.
But, notwithstanding, haste, make no delay;
    We may effect this business yet ere day.
We the globe can compass soon,
              Swifter than the wand'ring moon.
Exit an ATTENDANT
    We will, fair Queen, up to the mountain's top,
    And mark the musical confusion
    Of hounds and echo in conjunction.
Away with us to Athens, three and three;
    We'll hold a feast in great solemnity.
'
    We'll none of that: that have I told my love,
    In glory of my kinsman Hercules.
We do not come, as minding to content you,
    Our true intent is.
All for your delight
    We are not here.
And, as I am an honest Puck,
             If we have unearned luck
             Now to scape the serpent's tongue,
             We will make amends ere long;
             Else the Puck a liar call.
We may guess by this what you
    are, being a man.
We will go together.
We will hold it as a dream till it appear itself; but  
    I will acquaint my daughter withal, that she may be the better
    prepared for an answer, if peradventure this be true.
We'll wait upon your lordship.
]
    We must follow the leaders.
The music ended,
    We'll fit the kid-fox with a pennyworth.
We have caught her, madam.
We will rather sleep than talk.
We know what belongs to
    a watch.
We charge you in the Prince's name stand!
We have here
    recover'd the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known
    in the commonwealth.
We are like to prove a goodly commodity, being taken up of
    these men's bills.
We are now to examination these
    men.
We will spare for no wit, I warrant you.
We'll be friends first.
We have the exhibition to examine.
We have some haste, Leonato.
We had lik'd to have had our two noses snapp'd off with two
    old men without teeth.
We have been up and down to seek thee; for we are high-proof
    melancholy, and would fain have it beaten away.
We look for you to-morrow.
We will not fall.
--We'll talk with
      Margaret,
    How her acquaintance grew with this lewd fellow.
We here attend you.
We'll tip thy horns with gold,
    And all Europa shall rejoice at thee,
    As once Europa did at lusty Jove
    When he would play the noble beast in love.
We'll have dancing afterward.
I follow him to serve my turn upon him:
    We cannot all be masters, nor all masters
    Cannot be truly follow'd.
But, I beseech you,
    If't be your pleasure and most wise consent,
    As partly I find it is, that your fair daughter,
    At this odd-even and dull watch o' the night,
    Transported with no worse nor better guard
    But with a knave of common hire, a gondolier,
    To the gross clasps of a lascivious Moor-  
    If this be known to you, and your allowance,
    We then have done you bold and saucy wrongs;
    But if you know not this, my manners tell me
    We have your wrong rebuke.
If we make thought of this,
    We must not think the Turk is so unskillful
    To leave that latest which concerns him first,
    Neglecting an attempt of ease and gain,
    To wake and wage a danger profitless.
] I did not see you; welcome, gentle signior;
    We lack'd your counsel and your help tonight.
We are very sorry for't.
So let the Turk of Cyprus us beguile;
    We lose it not so long as we can smile.
We must obey the time.
We will
    have more of this tomorrow.
We have none such, sir.
We'll wait upon your lordship.
We say lie on her, when they
    belie her.
We have done our course; there's money for your pains.
We must not now displease him.
We do not know.
We thank you both; yet one but flatters us,
    As well appeareth by the cause you come;
    Namely, to appeal each other of high treason.
Good uncle, let this end where it begun;
    We'll calm the Duke of Norfolk, you your son.
We were not born to sue, but to command;
    Which since we cannot do to make you friends,
    Be ready, as your lives shall answer it,
    At Coventry, upon Saint Lambert's day.
We will descend and fold him in our arms.
We did observe.
We will ourself in person to this war;
    And, for our coffers, with too great a court
    And liberal largess, are grown somewhat light,
    We are enforc'd to farm our royal realm;
    The revenue whereof shall furnish us
    For our affairs in hand.
We must supplant those rough rug-headed kerns,
    Which live like venom where no venom else
    But only they have privilege to live.
To-morrow next
    We will for Ireland; and 'tis time, I trow.
But, lords, we hear this fearful tempest sing,
    Yet seek no shelter to avoid the storm;  
    We see the wind sit sore upon our sails,
    And yet we strike not, but securely perish.
We see the very wreck that we must suffer;
    And unavoided is the danger now
    For suffering so the causes of our wreck.
We three are but thyself, and, speaking so,
    Thy words are but as thoughts; therefore be bold.
We have; whereupon the Earl of Worcester
    Hath broken his staff, resign'd his stewardship,
    And all the household servants fled with him
    To Bolingbroke.
If heart's presages be not vain,
    We three here part that ne'er shall meet again.
The noble Duke hath sworn his coming is
    But for his own; and for the right of that
    We all have strongly sworn to give him aid;
    And let him never see joy that breaks that oath!
Greater he shall not be; if he serve God,
    We'll serve him too, and be his fellow so.
[To NORTHUMBERLAND] We are amaz'd; and thus long
      have we stood
    To watch the fearful bending of thy knee,
    Because we thought ourself thy lawful King;
    And if we be, how dare thy joints forget
    To pay their awful duty to our presence?
[To AUMERLE] We do debase ourselves, cousin, do we not,
    To look so poorly and to speak so fair?
We'll make foul weather with despised tears;
    Our sighs and they shall lodge the summer corn
    And make a dearth in this revolting land.
We at time of year
    Do wound the bark, the skin of our fruit trees,
    Lest, being over-proud in sap and blood,
    With too much riches it confound itself;
    Had he done so to great and growing men,
    They might have Ev'd to bear, and he to taste
    Their fruits of duty.
Superfluous branches
    We lop away, that bearing boughs may live;
    Had he done so, himself had home the crown,
    Which waste of idle hours hath quite thrown down.
We make woe wanton with this fond delay.
He shall be none;
    We'll keep him here.
He prays but faintly and would be denied;
    We pray with heart and soul, and all beside.
We thank thee, gentle Percy, for thy pains;
    And to thy worth will add right worthy gains.
We are not safe, Clarence; we are not safe.
Even so; an't please your worship, Brakenbury,
    You may partake of any thing we say:
    We speak no treason, man; we say the King
    Is wise and virtuous, and his noble queen
    Well struck in years, fair, and not jealous;  
    We say that Shore's wife hath a pretty foot,
    A cherry lip, a bonny eye, a passing pleasing tongue;
    And that the Queen's kindred are made gentlefolks.
We know thy charge, Brakenbury, and will
    obey.
We are the Queen's abjects and must obey.
My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days
    Which here you urge to prove us enemies,
    We follow'd then our lord, our sovereign king.
We wait upon your Grace.
We are, my lord, and come to have the
    warrant,
    That we may be admitted where he is.
Be assur'd
    We go to use our hands and not our tongues.
We will, my noble lord.
We wait upon your Grace.
Though we have spent our harvest of this king,
    We are to reap the harvest of his son.
My Lord of Buckingham, if my weak oratory
    Can from his mother win the Duke of York,
    Anon expect him here; but if she be obdurate
    To mild entreaties, God in heaven forbid
    We should infringe the holy privilege
    Of blessed sanctuary!
Come, let us sup betimes, that afterwards
    We may digest our complots in some form.
Within the guilty closure of thy walls
  RICHARD the Second here was hack'd to death;
    And for more slander to thy dismal seat,
    We give to thee our guiltless blood to drink.
We know each other's faces; for our hearts,
    He knows no more of mine than I of yours;
    Or I of his, my lord, than you of mine.
We have not yet set down this day of triumph.
Would you imagine, or almost believe-
    Were't not that by great preservation
    We live to tell it-that the subtle traitor
    This day had plotted, in the council-house,
    To murder me and my good Lord of Gloucester.
We see it, and will say it.
A book of prayers on their pillow lay;
    Which once,' quoth Forrest 'almost chang'd my mind;
    But, O, the devil'-there the villain stopp'd;
    When Dighton thus told on: 'We smothered  
    The most replenished sweet work of nature
    That from the prime creation e'er she framed.
We must be brief when traitors brave the field.
We must both give and take, my loving lord.
And then, as we have ta'en the sacrament,
    We will unite the white rose and the red.
Could we but learn from whence his sorrows grow,
    We would as willingly give cure as know.
This is the matter- Nurse, give leave awhile,
    We must talk in secret.
We follow thee.
We'll have no Cupid hoodwink'd with a scarf,
    Bearing a Tartar's painted bow of lath,
    Scaring the ladies like a crowkeeper;
    Nor no without-book prologue, faintly spoke
    After the prompter, for our entrance;
    But, let them measure us by what they will,
    We'll measure them a measure, and be gone.
I mean, sir, in delay
    We waste our lights in vain, like lamps by day.
We cannot be here and there too.
Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone;
    We have a trifling foolish banquet towards.
What is her burying gave, that is her womb;
    And from her womb children of divers kind
    We sucking on her natural bosom find;
    Many for many virtues excellent,
    None but for some, and yet all different.
When, and where, and how
    We met, we woo'd, and made exchange of vow,
    I'll tell thee as we pass; but this I pray,
    That thou consent to marry us to-day.
We'll to dinner thither.
We talk here in the public haunt of men.
We are undone, lady, we are undone!
We'll keep no great ado- a friend or two;
    For hark you, Tybalt being slain so late,
    It may be thought we held him carelessly,
    Being our kinsman, if we revel much.
We will have vengeance for it, fear thou not.
We shall be much unfurnish'd for this time.
We'll to church to-morrow.
We shall be short in our provision.
]
    We see the ground whereon these woes do lie,
    But the true ground of all these piteous woes
    We cannot without circumstance descry.
We found him in the churchyard.
We took this mattock and this spade from him
    As he was coming from this churchyard side.
We still have known thee for a holy man.
We thank your honour.
We'll have thee to a couch
    Softer and sweeter than the lustful bed
    On purpose trimm'd up for Semiramis.
We will fetch thee
      straight
    Adonis painted by a running brook,
    And Cytherea all in sedges hid,
    Which seem to move and wanton with her breath
    Even as the waving sedges play wi' th' wind.
We'll show thee lo as she was a maid
    And how she was beguiled and surpris'd,
    As lively painted as the deed was done.
If, Biondello, thou wert come ashore,
    We could at once put us in readiness,
    And take a lodging fit to entertain
    Such friends as time in Padua shall beget.
We have not yet been seen in any house,
    Nor can we be distinguish'd by our faces
    For man or master.
Exit SERVANT leading HORTENSIO carrying the lute
                                     and LUCENTIO with the books

    We will go walk a little in the orchard,
    And then to dinner.
I will to Venice; Sunday comes apace;
    We will have rings and things, and fine array;
    And kiss me, Kate; we will be married a Sunday.
We will persuade him, be it possible,
    To put on better ere he go to church.
That by degrees we mean to look into
    And watch our vantage in this business;
    We'll over-reach the greybeard, Gremio,
    The narrow-prying father, Minola,
    The quaint musician, amorous Licio-
    All for my master's sake, Lucentio.
Where then do you know best
    We be affied, and such assurance ta'en
    As shall with either part's agreement stand?
There doth my father lie; and there this night
    We'll pass the business privately and well.
Do, good old grandsire, and withal make known
    Which way thou travellest- if along with us,
    We shall be joyful of thy company.
We three are married, but you two are sped.
We are merely cheated of our lives by drunkards.
We split, we split!
We split, we split, we split!
Come on,
    We'll visit Caliban, my slave, who never
    Yields us kind answer.
But as 'tis,
    We cannot miss him: he does make our fire,
    Fetch in our wood, and serves in offices  
    That profit us.
We have lost your son,
    I fear, for ever.
We would so, and then go a-bat-fowling.
We two, my lord,
    Will guard your person while you take your rest,
    And watch your safety.
She that is Queen of Tunis; she that dwells
    Ten leagues beyond man's life; she that from Naples
    Can have no note, unless the sun were post,
    The Man i' th' Moon's too slow, till newborn chins
    Be rough and razorable; she that from whom
    We all were sea-swallow'd, though some cast again,
    And by that destiny, to perform an act
    Whereof what's past is prologue, what to come
    In yours and my discharge.
For all the rest,
    They'll take suggestion as a cat laps milk;
    They'll tell the clock to any business that
    We say befits the hour.
We'll not run, Monsieur Monster.
We are such stuff
    As dreams are made on; and our little life
    Is rounded with a sleep.
We wish your peace.
Spirit,
    We must prepare to meet with Caliban.
We steal by line and level, an't like
    your Grace.
We shall lose our time,  
    And all be turn'd to barnacles, or to apes
    With foreheads villainous low.
The best news is that we have safely found
    Our King and company; the next, our ship-
    Which but three glasses since we gave out split-
    Is tight and yare, and bravely rigg'd, as when  
    We first put out to sea.
We were dead of sleep,
    And-how, we know not-all clapp'd under hatches;
    Where, but even now, with strange and several noises
    Of roaring, shrieking, howling, jingling chains,
    And moe diversity of sounds, all horrible,
    We were awak'd; straightway at liberty;
    Where we, in all her trim, freshly beheld
    Our royal, good, and gallant ship; our master
    Cap'ring to eye her.
Give me your hand;
    We must needs dine together.
We'll bear, with your lordship.
We
    are born to do benefits; and what better or properer can we call
    our own than the riches of our friends?
We make ourselves fools to disport ourselves,
    And spend our flatteries to drink those men
    Upon whose age we void it up again
    With poisonous spite and envy.
We are so virtuously bound-
  TIMON.
We know him for no less, though we are but
    strangers to him.
We attend his lordship; pray signify so much.
We wait for certain money here, sir.
We cannot take this for answer, sir.
We are for law: he dies.
'Tis in few words, but spacious in effect:
    We banish thee for ever.
We are fellows still,
    Serving alike in sorrow.
We must all part
    Into this sea of air.
Wherever we shall meet, for Timon's sake,
    Let's yet be fellows; let's shake our heads and say,
    As 'twere a knell unto our master's fortune,
    'We have seen better days.
We but offend him.
We are not thieves, but men that much do want.
We cannot live on grass, on berries, water,
    As beasts and birds and fishes.
We are hither come to offer you our service.
We speak in vain.
We stand much hazard if they bring not Timon.
Noble and young,  
    When thy first griefs were but a mere conceit,
    Ere thou hadst power or we had cause of fear,
    We sent to thee, to give thy rages balm,
    To wipe out our ingratitude with loves
    Above their quantity.
We were not all unkind, nor all deserve
    The common stroke of war.
We do, and vow to heaven and to his Highness
    That what we did was mildly as we might,
    Tend'ring our sister's honour and our own.
The birds chant melody on every bush;
    The snakes lie rolled in the cheerful sun;  
    The green leaves quiver with the cooling wind
    And make a chequer'd shadow on the ground;
    Under their sweet shade, Aaron, let us sit,
    And while the babbling echo mocks the hounds,
    Replying shrilly to the well-tun'd horns,
    As if a double hunt were heard at once,
    Let us sit down and mark their yellowing noise;
    And- after conflict such as was suppos'd
    The wand'ring prince and Dido once enjoyed,
    When with a happy storm they were surpris'd,
    And curtain'd with a counsel-keeping cave-
    We may, each wreathed in the other's arms,
    Our pastimes done, possess a golden slumber,
    Whiles hounds and horns and sweet melodious birds
    Be unto us as is a nurse's song
    Of lullaby to bring her babe asleep.
We know not where you left them all alive;
    But, out alas!
Marcus, we are but shrubs, no cedars we,
    No big-bon'd men fram'd of the Cyclops' size;
    But metal, Marcus, steel to the very back,
    Yet wrung with wrongs more than our backs can bear;
    And, sith there's no justice in earth nor hell,
    We will solicit heaven, and move the gods
    To send down justice for to wreak our wrongs.
Kinsmen, shoot all your shafts into the court;
    We will afflict the Emperor in his pride.
We are beholding to you, good Andronicus.
Speak, Prince of Ithaca; and be't of less expect
    That matter needless, of importless burden,
    Divide thy lips than we are confident,
    When rank Thersites opes his mastic jaws,
    We shall hear music, wit, and oracle.
[Sound trumpet]
    We have, great Agamemnon, here in Troy
    A prince called Hector-Priam is his father-
    Who in this dull and long-continued truce
    Is resty grown; he bade me take a trumpet
    And to this purpose speak: Kings, princes, lords!
If none of them have soul in such a kind,
    We left them all at home.
If the dull brainless Ajax come safe off,
    We'll dress him up in voices; if he fail,
    Yet go we under our opinion still
    That we have better men.
We turn not back the silks upon the merchant
    When we have soil'd them; nor the remainder viands
    We do not throw in unrespective sieve,
    Because we now are full.
But thieves unworthy of a thing so stol'n
    That in their country did them that disgrace  
    We fear to warrant in our native place!
Why, brother Hector,
    We may not think the justness of each act
    Such and no other than event doth form it;
    Nor once deject the courage of our minds
    Because Cassandra's mad.
Let him be told so; lest, perchance, he think
    We dare not move the question of our place
    Or know not what we are.
We saw him at the opening of his tent.
We are too well acquainted with these answers;
    But his evasion, wing'd thus swift with scorn,
    Cannot outfly our apprehensions.
Go and tell him
    We come to speak with him; and you shall not sin
    If you do say we think him over-proud
    And under-honest, in self-assumption greater
    Than in the note of judgment; and worthier than himself
    Here tend the savage strangeness he puts on,
    Disguise the holy strength of their command,
    And underwrite in an observing kind
    His humorous predominance; yea, watch
    His pettish lunes, his ebbs, his flows, as if
    The passage and whole carriage of this action
    Rode on his tide.
Go tell him this, and ad
    That if he overhold his price so much
    We'll none of him, but let him, like an engine
    Not portable, lie under this report:  
    Bring action hither; this cannot go to war.
In second voice we'll not be satisfied;
    We come to speak with him.
We'll consecrate the steps that Ajax makes
    When they go from Achilles.
To-morrow
    We must with all our main of power stand fast;
    And here's a lord-come knights from east to west
    And cull their flower, Ajax shall cope the best.
We'll hear you sing,
    certainly-
  PANDARUS.
We will not name desert before his birth; and, being
    born, his addition shall be humble.
We'll execute your purpose, and put on
    A form of strangeness as we pass along.
We sympathise.
We know each other well.
We do; and long to know each other worse.
Rouse him and give him note of our approach,
    With the whole quality wherefore; I fear
    We shall be much unwelcome.
Fair Diomed, you do as chapmen do,
    Dispraise the thing that you desire to buy;
    But we in silence hold this virtue well:
    We'll not commend what we intend to sell.
There is at hand
    Paris your brother, and Deiphobus,
    The Grecian Diomed, and our Antenor  
    Deliver'd to us; and for him forthwith,
    Ere the first sacrifice, within this hour,
    We must give up to Diomedes' hand
    The Lady Cressida.
I will go meet them; and, my lord Aeneas,
    We met by chance; you did not find me here.
We see it, we see it.
We two, that with so many thousand sighs
    Did buy each other, must poorly sell ourselves
    With the rude brevity and discharge of one.
We'll answer it:
    The issue is embracement.
I pray you let us see you in the field;
    We have had pelting wars since you refus'd
    The Grecians' cause.
We go wrong, we go wrong.
Give me my veil; come, throw it o'er my face;  
    We'll once more hear Orsino's embassy.
We did keep time, sir, in our catches.
We men may say more, swear more, but indeed
    Our shows are more than will; for still we prove
    Much in our vows, but little in our love.
We'll call thee at the cubiculo.
We shall have a rare letter from him; but you'll not
    deliver't?
We may carry it thus, for
    our pleasure and his penance, till our very pastime, tired out of
    breath, prompt us to have mercy on him; at which time we will
    bring the device to the bar and crown thee for a finder of
    madmen.
We took him for a
    coward, but he's the very devil incardinate.
Pardon me, sweet one, even for the vows
    We made each other but so late ago.
In hope it shall not,
    Most freely I confess myself and Toby
    Set this device against Malvolio here,
    Upon some stubborn and uncourteous parts
    We had conceiv'd against him.
Meantime, sweet sister,
    We will not part from hence.
I knew him as myself; for from our infancy
    We have convers'd and spent our hours together;
    And though myself have been an idle truant,
    Omitting the sweet benefit of time
    To clothe mine age with angel-like perfection,
    Yet hath Sir Proteus, for that's his name,
    Made use and fair advantage of his days:
    His years but young, but his experience old;
    His head unmellowed, but his judgment ripe;
    And, in a word, for far behind his worth
    Comes all the praises that I now bestow,
    He is complete in feature and in mind,
    With all good grace to grace a gentleman.
We'll both attend upon your ladyship.
Sir Thurio, give us leave, I pray, awhile;
    We have some secrets to confer about.
We'll wait upon your Grace till after supper,
    And afterward determine our proceedings.
We'll have him.
We'll do thee homage, and be rul'd by thee,
    Love thee as our commander and our king.
We will give you sleepy drinks, that your senses,
    unintelligent of our insufficience, may, though they cannot
    praise us, as little accuse us.
And therefore, like a cipher,
    Yet standing in rich place, I multiply
    With one 'We thank you' many thousands moe
    That go before it.
We are tougher, brother,
    Than you can put us to't.
We'll part the time between's then; and in that
    I'll no gainsaying.
To tell he longs to see his son were strong;
    But let him say so then, and let him go;
    But let him swear so, and he shall not stay;
    We'll thwack him hence with distaffs.
We were, fair Queen,
    Two lads that thought there was no more behind  
    But such a day to-morrow as to-day,
    And to be boy eternal.
We were as twinn'd lambs that did frisk i' th' sun
    And bleat the one at th' other.
Come, Captain,
    We must be neat- not neat, but cleanly, Captain.
We two will walk, my lord,
    And leave you to your graver steps.
If you would seek us,
    We are yours i' th' garden.
We shall
    Present our services to a fine new prince
    One of these days; and then you'd wanton with us,
    If we would have you.
If it be so,
    We need no grave to bury honesty;
    There's not a grain of it the face to sweeten
    Of the whole dungy earth.
Our prerogative
    Calls not your counsels; but our natural goodness
    Imparts this; which, if you- or stupified
    Or seeming so in skill- cannot or will not
    Relish a truth like us, inform yourselves
    We need no more of your advice.
Come, follow us;
    We are to speak in public; for this business
    Will raise us all.
We do not know
    How he may soften at the sight o' th' child:
    The silence often of pure innocence
    Persuades when speaking fails.
We can.
We have always truly serv'd you; and beseech
    So to esteem of us; and on our knees we beg,
    As recompense of our dear services
    Past and to come, that you do change this purpose,
    Which being so horrible, so bloody, must
    Lead on to some foul issue.
We all kneel.
We enjoin thee,
    As thou art liegeman to us, that thou carry
    This female bastard hence; and that thou bear it
    To some remote and desert place, quite out
    Of our dominions; and that there thou leave it,
    Without more mercy, to it own protection
    And favour of the climate.
Ay, my lord, and fear
    We have landed in ill time; the skies look grimly
    And threaten present blusters.
We are lucky, boy; and
    to be so still requires nothing but secrecy.
We must disguise ourselves.
Lift up your countenance, as it were the day
    Of celebration of that nuptial which
    We two have sworn shall come.
We had the tune on't a month ago.
We'll have this song out anon by ourselves; my father and
    the gentlemen are in sad talk, and we'll not trouble them.
We'll none on't; here has been too much homely
    foolery already.
We are not furnish'd like Bohemia's son;
    Nor shall appear in Sicilia.
We'll make an instrument of this; omit
    Nothing may give us aid.
We are but plain fellows, sir.
We must to the King and show our  
    strange sights.
We are blest in this man, as I may say, even blest.
My true Paulina,
    We shall not marry till thou bid'st us.
We are not, sir, nor are we like to be;  
    The stars, I see, will kiss the valleys first.
We may live, son, to shed many more.
O Paulina,
    We honour you with trouble; but we came
    To see the statue of our queen.
Good Paulina,
    Lead us from hence where we may leisurely
    Each one demand and answer to his part
    Perform'd in this wide gap of time since first
    We were dissever'd.